# OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311 - the C# library for the NextGen Connect Client API

Swagger documentation for the NextGen Connect Client API.

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 3.11.0
- SDK version: 0.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.CSharpNetCoreClientCodegen

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies

- [RestSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharp) - 106.13.0 or later
- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 12.0.3 or later
- [JsonSubTypes](https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonSubTypes/) - 1.8.0 or later
- [System.ComponentModel.Annotations](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.ComponentModel.Annotations) - 5.0.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommend using [NuGet](https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
Install-Package JsonSubTypes
Install-Package System.ComponentModel.Annotations
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742).
NOTE: RestSharp for .Net Core creates a new socket for each api call, which can lead to a socket exhaustion problem. See [RestSharp#1406](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/1406).

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh build.sh`
- [Windows] `build.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.Api;
using OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.Client;
using OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.Model;
```
<a name="packaging"></a>
## Packaging

A `.nuspec` is included with the project. You can follow the Nuget quickstart to [create](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#create-the-package) and [publish](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#publish-the-package) packages.

This `.nuspec` uses placeholders from the `.csproj`, so build the `.csproj` directly:

```
nuget pack -Build -OutputDirectory out OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.csproj
```

Then, publish to a [local feed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/local-feeds) or [other host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/overview) and consume the new package via Nuget as usual.

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

To use the API client with a HTTP proxy, setup a `System.Net.WebProxy`
```csharp
Configuration c = new Configuration();
System.Net.WebProxy webProxy = new System.Net.WebProxy("http://myProxyUrl:80/");
webProxy.Credentials = System.Net.CredentialCache.DefaultCredentials;
c.Proxy = webProxy;
```

<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Diagnostics;
using OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.Api;
using OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.Client;
using OpenapiGenerator.MirthConnect311.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public static void Main()
        {

            Configuration config = new Configuration();
            config.BasePath = "/api";
            // Configure API key authorization: cookieAuth
            config.ApiKey.Add("JSESSIONID", "YOUR_API_KEY");
            // Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
            // config.ApiKeyPrefix.Add("JSESSIONID", "Bearer");

            var apiInstance = new AlertsApi(config);
            var alertModel = new AlertModel(); // AlertModel | The alert to create.

            try
            {
                // Creates a new alert.
                apiInstance.CreateAlert(alertModel);
            }
            catch (ApiException e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling AlertsApi.CreateAlert: " + e.Message );
                Debug.Print("Status Code: "+ e.ErrorCode);
                Debug.Print(e.StackTrace);
            }

        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AlertsApi* | [**CreateAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#createalert) | **POST** /alerts | Creates a new alert.
*AlertsApi* | [**DisableAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#disablealert) | **POST** /alerts/{alertId}/_disable | Disables the specified alert.
*AlertsApi* | [**EnableAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#enablealert) | **POST** /alerts/{alertId}/_enable | Enables the specified alert.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalert) | **GET** /alerts/{alertId} | Retrieves an alert by ID.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlertInfo**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalertinfo) | **POST** /alerts/{alertId}/_getInfo | Returns an AlertInfo object containing the alert model, alert protocol options, and any updated channel summaries.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlertInfo1**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalertinfo1) | **POST** /alerts/_getInfo | Returns an AlertInfo object containing alert protocol options and any updated channel summaries.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlertProtocolOptions**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalertprotocoloptions) | **GET** /alerts/options | Returns all alert protocol options.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlertStatusList**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalertstatuslist) | **GET** /alerts/statuses | Returns all alert dashboard statuses.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlerts**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalerts) | **GET** /alerts | Retrieves multiple alerts by ID, or all alerts if not specified.
*AlertsApi* | [**GetAlertsPost**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getalertspost) | **POST** /alerts/_getAlerts | Retrieves multiple alerts by ID, or all alerts if not specified. This is a POST request alternative to GET /alerts that may be used when there are too many alert IDs to include in the query parameters.
*AlertsApi* | [**RemoveAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#removealert) | **DELETE** /alerts/{alertId} | Removes the specified alert.
*AlertsApi* | [**UpdateAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#updatealert) | **PUT** /alerts/{alertId} | Updates the specified alert.
*ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi* | [**DeployChannel**](docs/ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi.md#deploychannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_deploy | Deploys (or redeploys) a single channel.
*ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi* | [**DeployChannels**](docs/ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi.md#deploychannels) | **POST** /channels/_deploy | Deploys (or redeploys) selected channels.
*ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi* | [**RedeployAllChannels**](docs/ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi.md#redeployallchannels) | **POST** /channels/_redeployAll | Redeploys all channels.
*ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi* | [**UndeployChannel**](docs/ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi.md#undeploychannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_undeploy | Undeploys a single channel.
*ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi* | [**UndeployChannels**](docs/ChannelDeploymentOperationsApi.md#undeploychannels) | **POST** /channels/_undeploy | Undeploys selected channels.
*ChannelGroupsApi* | [**GetChannelGroups**](docs/ChannelGroupsApi.md#getchannelgroups) | **GET** /channelgroups | Retrieve a list of all channel groups, or multiple channel groups by ID.
*ChannelGroupsApi* | [**GetChannelGroupsPost**](docs/ChannelGroupsApi.md#getchannelgroupspost) | **POST** /channelgroups/_getChannelGroups | Retrieve a list of all channel groups, or multiple channel groups by ID. This is a POST request alternative to GET /channelgroups that may be used when there are too many channel group IDs to include in the query parameters.
*ChannelGroupsApi* | [**UpdateChannelGroups**](docs/ChannelGroupsApi.md#updatechannelgroups) | **POST** /channelgroups/_bulkUpdate | Updates all channel groups in one request. (\"Try it out\" doesn't work for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. Please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelStatisticsApi* | [**ClearAllStatistics**](docs/ChannelStatisticsApi.md#clearallstatistics) | **POST** /channels/_clearAllStatistics | Clears all statistics (including lifetime) for all channels/connectors.
*ChannelStatisticsApi* | [**ClearStatistics**](docs/ChannelStatisticsApi.md#clearstatistics) | **POST** /channels/_clearStatistics | Clears the statistics for the given channels and/or connectors.
*ChannelStatisticsApi* | [**GetStatistics**](docs/ChannelStatisticsApi.md#getstatistics) | **GET** /channels/statistics | Returns the Statistics for all channels.
*ChannelStatisticsApi* | [**GetStatistics1**](docs/ChannelStatisticsApi.md#getstatistics1) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/statistics | Returns the Statistics for the channel with the specified id.
*ChannelStatisticsApi* | [**GetStatisticsPost**](docs/ChannelStatisticsApi.md#getstatisticspost) | **POST** /channels/statistics/_getStatistics | Returns the Statistics for all channels. This is a POST request alternative to GET /statistics that may be used when there are too many channel IDs to include in the query parameters.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**GetChannelStatus**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#getchannelstatus) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/status | Returns the dashboard status for a single channel ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**GetChannelStatusList**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#getchannelstatuslist) | **GET** /channels/statuses | Returns all channel dashboard statuses, or multiple statuses by channel ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**GetChannelStatusListPost**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#getchannelstatuslistpost) | **POST** /channels/statuses/_getChannelStatusList | Returns all channel dashboard statuses, or multiple statuses by channel ID. This is a POST request alternative to GET /statuses that may be used when there are too many channel IDs to include in the query parameters.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**GetDashboardChannelInfo**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#getdashboardchannelinfo) | **GET** /channels/statuses/initial | Returns a DashboardChannelInfo object containing a partial channel status list and a set of remaining channel IDs.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**HaltChannel**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#haltchannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_halt | Halts the channel with the specified ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**HaltChannels**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#haltchannels) | **POST** /channels/_halt | Halts the channels with the specified IDs. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**PauseChannel**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#pausechannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_pause | Pauses the channel with the specified ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**PauseChannels**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#pausechannels) | **POST** /channels/_pause | Pauses the channels with the specified IDs. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**ResumeChannel**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#resumechannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_resume | Resumes the channel with the specified ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**ResumeChannels**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#resumechannels) | **POST** /channels/_resume | Resume the channels with the specified IDs. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StartChannel**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#startchannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_start | Starts the channel with the specified ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StartChannels**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#startchannels) | **POST** /channels/_start | Starts the channels with the specified IDs. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StartConnector**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#startconnector) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/connector/{metaDataId}/_start | Starts the connector with the specified channel and metadata ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StartConnectors**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#startconnectors) | **POST** /channels/_startConnectors | Starts the connectors with the specified channel and metadata IDs.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StopChannel**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#stopchannel) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/_stop | Stops the channel with the specified ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StopChannels**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#stopchannels) | **POST** /channels/_stop | Stops the channels with the specified IDs. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StopConnector**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#stopconnector) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/connector/{metaDataId}/_stop | Stops the connector with the specified channel and metadata ID.
*ChannelStatusOperationsApi* | [**StopConnectors**](docs/ChannelStatusOperationsApi.md#stopconnectors) | **POST** /channels/_stopConnectors | Stops the connectors with the specified channel and metadata IDs.
*ChannelsApi* | [**CreateChannel**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#createchannel) | **POST** /channels | Creates a new channel.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetChannel**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getchannel) | **GET** /channels/{channelId} | Retrieve a single channel by ID.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetChannelIdsAndNames**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getchannelidsandnames) | **GET** /channels/idsAndNames | Returns a map of all channel IDs and names.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetChannelSummary**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getchannelsummary) | **POST** /channels/_getSummary | Returns a list of channel summaries, indicating to a client which channels have changed (been updated, deleted, undeployed, etc.). If a channel was modified, the entire Channel object will be returned.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetChannels**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getchannels) | **GET** /channels | Retrieve a list of all channels, or multiple channels by ID.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetChannelsPost**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getchannelspost) | **POST** /channels/_getChannels | Retrieve a list of all channels, or multiple channels by ID. This is a POST request alternative to GET /channels that may be used when there are too many channel IDs to include in the query parameters.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetConnectorNames**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getconnectornames) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/connectorNames | Returns all connector names for a channel.
*ChannelsApi* | [**GetMetaDataColumns**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#getmetadatacolumns) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/metaDataColumns | Returns all metadata columns for a channel.
*ChannelsApi* | [**RemoveChannel**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#removechannel) | **DELETE** /channels/{channelId} | Removes the channel with the specified ID.
*ChannelsApi* | [**RemoveChannels**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#removechannels) | **DELETE** /channels | Removes the channels with the specified IDs.
*ChannelsApi* | [**RemoveChannelsPost**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#removechannelspost) | **POST** /channels/_removeChannels | Removes the channels with the specified IDs. This is a POST request alternative to DELETE /channels that may be used when there are too many channel IDs to include in the query parameters.
*ChannelsApi* | [**SetChannelEnabled**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#setchannelenabled) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/enabled/{enabled} | Enables/disables the specified channel.
*ChannelsApi* | [**SetChannelEnabled1**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#setchannelenabled1) | **POST** /channels/_setEnabled | Enables/disables the specified channels. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelsApi* | [**SetChannelInitialState**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#setchannelinitialstate) | **POST** /channels/_setInitialState | Sets the initial state for the specified channels. (\"Try it Out\" only works when submitting an array containing one element for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. If you want to modify multiple items at once, please use another tool for testing.)
*ChannelsApi* | [**SetChannelInitialState1**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#setchannelinitialstate1) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/initialState/{initialState} | Sets the initial state for a single channel.
*ChannelsApi* | [**UpdateChannel**](docs/ChannelsApi.md#updatechannel) | **PUT** /channels/{channelId} | Updates the specified channel.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplate**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplate) | **GET** /codeTemplates/{codeTemplateId} | Retrieves a single code template.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplateLibraries**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplatelibraries) | **GET** /codeTemplateLibraries | Retrieves multiple code template libraries by ID, or all libraries if not specified.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplateLibrariesPost**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplatelibrariespost) | **POST** /codeTemplateLibraries/_getCodeTemplateLibraries | Retrieves multiple code template libraries by ID, or all libraries if not specified. This is a POST request alternative to GET /codeTemplateLibraries that may be used when there are too many library IDs to include in the query parameters.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplateLibrary**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplatelibrary) | **GET** /codeTemplateLibraries/{libraryId} | Retrieves a single code template library.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplateSummary**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplatesummary) | **POST** /codeTemplates/_getSummary | Returns a list of code template summaries, indicating to a client which code templates have changed. If a code template was modified, the entire CodeTemplate object will be returned.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplates**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplates) | **GET** /codeTemplates | Retrieves multiple code templates by ID, or all templates if not specified.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**GetCodeTemplatesPost**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#getcodetemplatespost) | **POST** /codeTemplates/_getCodeTemplates | Retrieves multiple code templates by ID, or all templates if not specified. This is a POST request alternative to GET /codeTemplates that may be used when there are too many code template IDs to include in the query parameters.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**RemoveCodeTemplate**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#removecodetemplate) | **DELETE** /codeTemplates/{codeTemplateId} | Removes a single code template.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**UpdateCodeTemplate**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#updatecodetemplate) | **PUT** /codeTemplates/{codeTemplateId} | Updates a single code template.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**UpdateCodeTemplateLibraries**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#updatecodetemplatelibraries) | **PUT** /codeTemplateLibraries | Replaces all code template libraries.
*CodeTemplatesApi* | [**UpdateLibrariesAndTemplates**](docs/CodeTemplatesApi.md#updatelibrariesandtemplates) | **POST** /codeTemplateLibraries/_bulkUpdate | Updates all libraries and updates/removes selected code templates in one request. (\"Try it out\" doesn't work for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. Please use another tool for testing.)
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**CacheWsdlFromUrl**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#cachewsdlfromurl) | **POST** /connectors/ws/_cacheWsdlFromUrl | Downloads the WSDL at the specified URL and caches the web service definition tree.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**DeleteTemplate**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#deletetemplate) | **DELETE** /connectors/jms/templates/{templateName} | Creates or updates a JMS connector settings template.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**GenerateEnvelope**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#generateenvelope) | **POST** /connectors/ws/_generateEnvelope | Generate SOAP envelope for a given WSDL operation.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**GetDefinition**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#getdefinition) | **POST** /connectors/ws/_getDefinition | Retrieves the definition service map corresponding to the specified WSDL.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**GetSoapAction**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#getsoapaction) | **POST** /connectors/ws/_getSoapAction | Retrieves the default SOAP Action for a given WSDL operation.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**GetTables**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#gettables) | **POST** /connectors/jdbc/_getTables | Executes a query to retrieve database table metadata.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**GetTemplate**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#gettemplate) | **GET** /connectors/jms/templates/{templateName} | Retrieves a single JMS connector settings template.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**GetTemplates**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#gettemplates) | **GET** /connectors/jms/templates | Retrieves JMS connector settings templates.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**IsWsdlCached**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#iswsdlcached) | **POST** /connectors/ws/_isWsdlCached | Returns true if the definition tree for the WSDL is cached by the server.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**SaveTemplate**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#savetemplate) | **PUT** /connectors/jms/templates/{templateName} | Creates or updates a JMS connector settings template.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**SendTestEmail**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#sendtestemail) | **POST** /connectors/smtp/_sendTestEmail | Sends a test e-mail, replacing any connector properties first.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**TestConnection**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#testconnection) | **POST** /connectors/http/_testConnection | Tests whether a connection can be successfully established to the destination endpoint.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**TestConnection1**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#testconnection1) | **POST** /connectors/tcp/_testConnection | Tests whether a connection can be successfully established to the destination endpoint.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**TestConnection2**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#testconnection2) | **POST** /connectors/ws/_testConnection | Tests whether a connection can be successfully established to the destination endpoint.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**TestRead**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#testread) | **POST** /connectors/file/_testRead | Tests whether a file can be read from the specified directory.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**TestWrite**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#testwrite) | **POST** /connectors/doc/_testWrite | Tests whether a file can be written to the specified directory.
*ConnectorServicesApi* | [**TestWrite1**](docs/ConnectorServicesApi.md#testwrite1) | **POST** /connectors/file/_testWrite | Tests whether a file can be written to the specified directory.
*DatabaseTasksApi* | [**CancelDatabaseTask**](docs/DatabaseTasksApi.md#canceldatabasetask) | **POST** /databaseTasks/{databaseTaskId}/_cancel | Cancels execution of the specified database task.
*DatabaseTasksApi* | [**GetDatabaseTask**](docs/DatabaseTasksApi.md#getdatabasetask) | **GET** /databaseTasks/{databaseTaskId} | Retrieves a single database task.
*DatabaseTasksApi* | [**GetDatabaseTasks**](docs/DatabaseTasksApi.md#getdatabasetasks) | **GET** /databaseTasks | Retrieves all current database tasks.
*DatabaseTasksApi* | [**RunDatabaseTask**](docs/DatabaseTasksApi.md#rundatabasetask) | **POST** /databaseTasks/{databaseTaskId}/_run | Executes the specified database task.
*EventsApi* | [**ExportAllEvents**](docs/EventsApi.md#exportallevents) | **POST** /events/_export | Exports all events to the application data directory on the server.
*EventsApi* | [**GetEvent**](docs/EventsApi.md#getevent) | **GET** /events/{eventId} | Retrieves an event by ID.
*EventsApi* | [**GetEventCount**](docs/EventsApi.md#geteventcount) | **POST** /events/count/_search | Count number for events by specific filter criteria.
*EventsApi* | [**GetEventCount1**](docs/EventsApi.md#geteventcount1) | **GET** /events/count | Count number for events by specific filter criteria.
*EventsApi* | [**GetEvents**](docs/EventsApi.md#getevents) | **GET** /events | Search for events by specific filter criteria.
*EventsApi* | [**GetEvents1**](docs/EventsApi.md#getevents1) | **POST** /events/_search | Search for events by specific filter criteria.
*EventsApi* | [**GetMaxEventId**](docs/EventsApi.md#getmaxeventid) | **GET** /events/maxEventId | Returns the maximum event ID currently in the database.
*EventsApi* | [**RemoveAllEvents**](docs/EventsApi.md#removeallevents) | **DELETE** /events | Remove all events.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetAllChannelLogs**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getallchannellogs) | **GET** /extensions/dashboardstatus/connectionLogs | Retrieves connection logs for all channels.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetAllMaps**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getallmaps) | **GET** /extensions/globalmapviewer/maps/all | Retrieves global and/or global channel map information.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetAllMapsPost**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getallmapspost) | **POST** /extensions/globalmapviewer/maps/_getAllMaps | Retrieves global and/or global channel map information. This is a POST request alternative to GET /maps/all that may be used when there are too many channel IDs to include in the query parameters.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetChannelLog**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getchannellog) | **GET** /extensions/dashboardstatus/connectionLogs/{channelId} | Retrieves connection logs for a specific channel.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetChannelState**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getchannelstate) | **GET** /extensions/dashboardstatus/channelStates/{channelId} | Retrieves a single dashboard channel state.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetChannelStates**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getchannelstates) | **GET** /extensions/dashboardstatus/channelStates | Retrieves all dashboard channel states.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetConnectorStateMap**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getconnectorstatemap) | **GET** /extensions/dashboardstatus/connectorStates | Retrieves all dashboard connector states.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetGlobalChannelMap**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getglobalchannelmap) | **GET** /extensions/globalmapviewer/maps/{channelId} | Retrieves global channel map information for a single channel.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetGlobalMap**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getglobalmap) | **GET** /extensions/globalmapviewer/maps/global | Retrieves global map information.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetLibraries**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getlibraries) | **GET** /extensions/directoryresource/resources/{resourceId}/libraries | Retrieves all library URLs for the given directory resource.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetServerLogs**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getserverlogs) | **GET** /extensions/serverlog | Retrieves server log entries.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**GetStatusMap**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#getstatusmap) | **GET** /extensions/datapruner/status | Retrieves the current data pruner status.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**Start**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#start) | **POST** /extensions/datapruner/_start | Starts the data pruner on-demand.
*ExtensionServicesApi* | [**Stop**](docs/ExtensionServicesApi.md#stop) | **POST** /extensions/datapruner/_stop | Stops the data pruner if currently running.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**GetConnectorMetaData**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#getconnectormetadata) | **GET** /extensions/connectors | Returns all active connector metadata.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**GetExtensionMetaData**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#getextensionmetadata) | **GET** /extensions/{extensionName} | Returns extension metadata by name.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**GetPluginMetaData**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#getpluginmetadata) | **GET** /extensions/plugins | Returns all active plugin metadata.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**GetPluginProperties**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#getpluginproperties) | **GET** /extensions/{extensionName}/properties | Returns filtered properties for a specified extension.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**InstallExtension**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#installextension) | **POST** /extensions/_install | Installs an extension.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**IsExtensionEnabled**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#isextensionenabled) | **GET** /extensions/{extensionName}/enabled | Returns the enabled status of an extension.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**SetExtensionEnabled**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#setextensionenabled) | **POST** /extensions/{extensionName}/_setEnabled | Enables or disables an extension.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**SetPluginProperties**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#setpluginproperties) | **PUT** /extensions/{extensionName}/properties | Sets properties for a specified extension.
*ExtensionsApi* | [**UninstallExtension**](docs/ExtensionsApi.md#uninstallextension) | **POST** /extensions/_uninstall | Uninstalls an extension.
*MessagesApi* | [**ExportAttachmentServer**](docs/MessagesApi.md#exportattachmentserver) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId}/attachments/{attachmentId}/_export | Exports a message attachment into a specific file path accessible by the server.
*MessagesApi* | [**ExportMessagesServer**](docs/MessagesApi.md#exportmessagesserver) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_exportUsingFilter | Exports messages into a specific directory path accessible by the server. (\"Try it out\" doesn't work for this endpoint, but the descriptions are valid. Please use another tool for testing.)
*MessagesApi* | [**ExportMessagesServer1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#exportmessagesserver1) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_export | Exports messages into a specific directory path accessible by the server.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetAttachment**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getattachment) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId}/attachments/{attachmentId} | Retrieve a message attachment by ID.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetAttachmentsByMessageId**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getattachmentsbymessageid) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId}/attachments | Retrieve a list of attachments by message ID.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetDICOMMessage**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getdicommessage) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId}/_getDICOMMessage | Given a ConnectorMessage object, reattaches any DICOM attachment data and returns the raw Base64 encoded message data.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetMaxMessageId**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getmaxmessageid) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/messages/maxMessageId | Returns the maximum message ID for the given channel.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetMessageContent**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getmessagecontent) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId} | Retrieve a message by ID.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetMessageCount**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getmessagecount) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/messages/count | Count number for messages by specific filter criteria.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetMessageCount1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getmessagecount1) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/count/_search | Count number for messages by specific filter criteria.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetMessages**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getmessages) | **GET** /channels/{channelId}/messages | Search for messages by specific filter criteria.
*MessagesApi* | [**GetMessages1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#getmessages1) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_search | Search for messages by specific filter criteria.
*MessagesApi* | [**ImportMessage**](docs/MessagesApi.md#importmessage) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_import | Imports a Message object into a channel. The message will not actually be processed through the channel, only imported.
*MessagesApi* | [**ImportMessagesServer**](docs/MessagesApi.md#importmessagesserver) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_importFromPath | Imports messages into a channel from a path accessible by the server. The messages will not actually be processed through the channel, only imported.
*MessagesApi* | [**ProcessMessage**](docs/MessagesApi.md#processmessage) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages | Processes a new message through a channel.
*MessagesApi* | [**ProcessMessage1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#processmessage1) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messagesWithObj | Processes a new message through a channel, using the RawMessage object.
*MessagesApi* | [**RemoveAllMessages**](docs/MessagesApi.md#removeallmessages) | **DELETE** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_removeAll | Removes all messages for the specified channel.
*MessagesApi* | [**RemoveAllMessages1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#removeallmessages1) | **DELETE** /channels/_removeAllMessages | Removes all messages for multiple specified channels.
*MessagesApi* | [**RemoveAllMessagesPost**](docs/MessagesApi.md#removeallmessagespost) | **POST** /channels/_removeAllMessagesPost | Removes all messages for multiple specified channels. This is a POST request alternative to DELETE /_removeAllMessages that may be used when there are too many channel IDs to include in the query parameters.
*MessagesApi* | [**RemoveMessage**](docs/MessagesApi.md#removemessage) | **DELETE** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId} | Remove a single message by ID.
*MessagesApi* | [**RemoveMessages**](docs/MessagesApi.md#removemessages) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_remove | Remove messages by specific filter criteria.
*MessagesApi* | [**RemoveMessages1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#removemessages1) | **DELETE** /channels/{channelId}/messages | Remove messages by specific filter criteria.
*MessagesApi* | [**ReprocessMessage**](docs/MessagesApi.md#reprocessmessage) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/{messageId}/_reprocess | Reprocesses and overwrites a single message.
*MessagesApi* | [**ReprocessMessages**](docs/MessagesApi.md#reprocessmessages) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_reprocessWithFilter | Reprocesses messages through a channel filtering with a MessageFilter.
*MessagesApi* | [**ReprocessMessages1**](docs/MessagesApi.md#reprocessmessages1) | **POST** /channels/{channelId}/messages/_reprocess | Reprocesses messages through a channel by specific filter criteria.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetAbout**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getabout) | **GET** /server/about | Returns a map of common information about the Mirth Connect server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetAvailableCharsetEncodings**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getavailablecharsetencodings) | **GET** /server/charsets | Returns a List of all of the charset encodings supported by the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetBuildDate**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getbuilddate) | **GET** /server/buildDate | Returns the build date of the Mirth Connect server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetChannelDependencies**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getchanneldependencies) | **GET** /server/channelDependencies | Returns all channel dependencies for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetChannelMetadata**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getchannelmetadata) | **GET** /server/channelMetadata | Returns all channel metadata for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetChannelTags**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getchanneltags) | **GET** /server/channelTags | Returns a set containing all channel tags for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetConfigurationMap**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getconfigurationmap) | **GET** /server/configurationMap | Returns all entries in the configuration map.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetDatabaseDrivers**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getdatabasedrivers) | **GET** /server/databaseDrivers | Returns the database driver list.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetEncryptionSettings**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getencryptionsettings) | **GET** /server/encryption | Returns an EncryptionSettings object with all encryption settings.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetGlobalScripts**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getglobalscripts) | **GET** /server/globalScripts | Returns a map containing all of the global scripts.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetGuid**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getguid) | **POST** /server/_generateGUID | Returns a globally unique id.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetJVMName**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getjvmname) | **GET** /server/jvm | Returns the name of the JVM running Mirth Connect.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetLicenseInfo**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getlicenseinfo) | **GET** /server/licenseInfo | Returns a LicenseInfo object with the expiration date and other information.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetPasswordRequirements**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getpasswordrequirements) | **GET** /server/passwordRequirements | Returns all password requirements for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetProtocolsAndCipherSuites**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getprotocolsandciphersuites) | **GET** /server/protocolsAndCipherSuites | Returns a map containing all supported and enabled TLS protocols and cipher suites.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetResources**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getresources) | **GET** /server/resources | Returns all resources for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetRhinoLanguageVersion**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getrhinolanguageversion) | **GET** /server/rhinoLanguageVersion | Returns the language version that the Rhino engine should use.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetServerConfiguration**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getserverconfiguration) | **GET** /server/configuration | Returns a ServerConfiguration object which contains all of the channels, alerts, configuration map, and properties stored on the Mirth Connect server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetServerId**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getserverid) | **GET** /server/id | Returns the server id.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetServerSettings**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getserversettings) | **GET** /server/settings | Returns a ServerSettings object with all server settings.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetServerTime**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getservertime) | **GET** /server/time | Returns the time of the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetServerTimezone**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getservertimezone) | **GET** /server/timezone | Returns the time zone of the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetStatus**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getstatus) | **GET** /server/status | Returns the status of the Mirth Connect server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetUpdateSettings**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getupdatesettings) | **GET** /server/updateSettings | Returns an UpdateSettings object with all update settings.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**GetVersion**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#getversion) | **GET** /server/version | Returns the version of the Mirth Connect server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**ReloadResource**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#reloadresource) | **POST** /server/resources/{resourceId}/_reload | Reloads a resource and all libraries associated with it.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SendTestEmail1**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#sendtestemail1) | **POST** /server/_testEmail | Sends a test e-mail.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetChannelDependencies**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setchanneldependencies) | **PUT** /server/channelDependencies | Updates all channel dependencies for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetChannelMetadata**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setchannelmetadata) | **PUT** /server/channelMetadata | Updates all channel metadata for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetChannelTags**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setchanneltags) | **PUT** /server/channelTags | Updates all channel tags.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetConfigurationMap**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setconfigurationmap) | **PUT** /server/configurationMap | Updates all entries in the configuration map.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetDatabaseDrivers**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setdatabasedrivers) | **PUT** /server/databaseDrivers | Updates the list of database drivers.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetGlobalScripts**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setglobalscripts) | **PUT** /server/globalScripts | Updates all of the global scripts.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetResources**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setresources) | **PUT** /server/resources | Updates all resources for the server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetServerConfiguration**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setserverconfiguration) | **PUT** /server/configuration | Updates all of the channels, alerts and properties stored on the Mirth Connect server.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetServerSettings**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setserversettings) | **PUT** /server/settings | Updates the server configuration settings.
*ServerConfigurationApi* | [**SetUpdateSettings**](docs/ServerConfigurationApi.md#setupdatesettings) | **PUT** /server/updateSettings | Updates the update settings.
*SystemInformationAndStatisticsApi* | [**GetInfo**](docs/SystemInformationAndStatisticsApi.md#getinfo) | **GET** /system/info | Returns information about the underlying system.
*SystemInformationAndStatisticsApi* | [**GetStats**](docs/SystemInformationAndStatisticsApi.md#getstats) | **GET** /system/stats | Returns statistics for the underlying system.
*UsageDataApi* | [**GetUsageData**](docs/UsageDataApi.md#getusagedata) | **POST** /usageData/_generate | Generates usage document using data from both the client and server.
*UsersApi* | [**CheckUserPassword**](docs/UsersApi.md#checkuserpassword) | **POST** /users/_checkPassword | Checks the password against the configured password policies.
*UsersApi* | [**CreateUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#createuser) | **POST** /users | Creates a new user.
*UsersApi* | [**GetAllUsers**](docs/UsersApi.md#getallusers) | **GET** /users | Returns a List of all users.
*UsersApi* | [**GetCurrentUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#getcurrentuser) | **GET** /users/current | Returns the current logged in user.
*UsersApi* | [**GetUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#getuser) | **GET** /users/{userIdOrName} | Returns a specific user by ID or username.
*UsersApi* | [**GetUserPreference**](docs/UsersApi.md#getuserpreference) | **GET** /users/{userId}/preferences/{name} | Returns a specific user preference.
*UsersApi* | [**GetUserPreferences**](docs/UsersApi.md#getuserpreferences) | **GET** /users/{userId}/preferences | Returns a Map of user preferences, optionally filtered by a set of property names.
*UsersApi* | [**IsUserLoggedIn**](docs/UsersApi.md#isuserloggedin) | **GET** /users/{userId}/loggedIn | Returns a true if the specified user is logged in to the server.
*UsersApi* | [**Login**](docs/UsersApi.md#login) | **POST** /users/_login | Logs in to the Mirth Connect server using the specified name and password.
*UsersApi* | [**Logout**](docs/UsersApi.md#logout) | **POST** /users/_logout | Logs out of the server.
*UsersApi* | [**RemoveUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#removeuser) | **DELETE** /users/{userId} | Removes a specific user.
*UsersApi* | [**SetUserPreference**](docs/UsersApi.md#setuserpreference) | **PUT** /users/{userId}/preferences/{name} | Updates a user preference.
*UsersApi* | [**SetUserPreferences**](docs/UsersApi.md#setuserpreferences) | **PUT** /users/{userId}/preferences | Updates multiple user preferences.
*UsersApi* | [**UpdateUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#updateuser) | **PUT** /users/{userId} | Updates a specified user.
*UsersApi* | [**UpdateUserPassword**](docs/UsersApi.md#updateuserpassword) | **PUT** /users/{userId}/password | Updates a user's password.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.AlertAction](docs/AlertAction.md)
 - [Model.AlertActionGroup](docs/AlertActionGroup.md)
 - [Model.AlertInfo](docs/AlertInfo.md)
 - [Model.AlertModel](docs/AlertModel.md)
 - [Model.AlertStatus](docs/AlertStatus.md)
 - [Model.AlertTrigger](docs/AlertTrigger.md)
 - [Model.ApiProvider](docs/ApiProvider.md)
 - [Model.Attachment](docs/Attachment.md)
 - [Model.AttachmentHandlerProperties](docs/AttachmentHandlerProperties.md)
 - [Model.BatchProperties](docs/BatchProperties.md)
 - [Model.Channel](docs/Channel.md)
 - [Model.ChannelDependency](docs/ChannelDependency.md)
 - [Model.ChannelExportData](docs/ChannelExportData.md)
 - [Model.ChannelGroup](docs/ChannelGroup.md)
 - [Model.ChannelHeader](docs/ChannelHeader.md)
 - [Model.ChannelMetadata](docs/ChannelMetadata.md)
 - [Model.ChannelProperties](docs/ChannelProperties.md)
 - [Model.ChannelPruningSettings](docs/ChannelPruningSettings.md)
 - [Model.ChannelStatistics](docs/ChannelStatistics.md)
 - [Model.ChannelStatus](docs/ChannelStatus.md)
 - [Model.ChannelSummary](docs/ChannelSummary.md)
 - [Model.ChannelTag](docs/ChannelTag.md)
 - [Model.ChannelTagBackgroundColor](docs/ChannelTagBackgroundColor.md)
 - [Model.ChannelTagBackgroundColorColorSpace](docs/ChannelTagBackgroundColorColorSpace.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplate](docs/CodeTemplate.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateContextSet](docs/CodeTemplateContextSet.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateFunctionDefinition](docs/CodeTemplateFunctionDefinition.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateLibrary](docs/CodeTemplateLibrary.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResult](docs/CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResult.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResultCause](docs/CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResultCause.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResultCauseStackTrace](docs/CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResultCauseStackTrace.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResultCauseSuppressed](docs/CodeTemplateLibrarySaveResultCauseSuppressed.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateProperties](docs/CodeTemplateProperties.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateSummary](docs/CodeTemplateSummary.md)
 - [Model.CodeTemplateUpdateResult](docs/CodeTemplateUpdateResult.md)
 - [Model.Column](docs/Column.md)
 - [Model.ConfigurationProperty](docs/ConfigurationProperty.md)
 - [Model.ConnectionLogItem](docs/ConnectionLogItem.md)
 - [Model.ConnectionTestResponse](docs/ConnectionTestResponse.md)
 - [Model.Connector](docs/Connector.md)
 - [Model.ConnectorMessage](docs/ConnectorMessage.md)
 - [Model.ConnectorMetaData](docs/ConnectorMetaData.md)
 - [Model.ConnectorPluginProperties](docs/ConnectorPluginProperties.md)
 - [Model.ConnectorProperties](docs/ConnectorProperties.md)
 - [Model.ContentSearchElement](docs/ContentSearchElement.md)
 - [Model.CronProperty](docs/CronProperty.md)
 - [Model.DashboardChannelInfo](docs/DashboardChannelInfo.md)
 - [Model.DashboardStatus](docs/DashboardStatus.md)
 - [Model.DataTypeProperties](docs/DataTypeProperties.md)
 - [Model.DataTypePropertyDescriptor](docs/DataTypePropertyDescriptor.md)
 - [Model.DatabaseTask](docs/DatabaseTask.md)
 - [Model.DefinitionPortMap](docs/DefinitionPortMap.md)
 - [Model.DefinitionServiceMap](docs/DefinitionServiceMap.md)
 - [Model.DeserializationProperties](docs/DeserializationProperties.md)
 - [Model.DestinationConnectorProperties](docs/DestinationConnectorProperties.md)
 - [Model.DriverInfo](docs/DriverInfo.md)
 - [Model.EncryptionSettings](docs/EncryptionSettings.md)
 - [Model.ErrorContent](docs/ErrorContent.md)
 - [Model.EventFilter](docs/EventFilter.md)
 - [Model.ExtensionLibrary](docs/ExtensionLibrary.md)
 - [Model.FileDispatcherProperties](docs/FileDispatcherProperties.md)
 - [Model.FileReceiverProperties](docs/FileReceiverProperties.md)
 - [Model.Filter](docs/Filter.md)
 - [Model.HttpDispatcherProperties](docs/HttpDispatcherProperties.md)
 - [Model.JmsConnectorProperties](docs/JmsConnectorProperties.md)
 - [Model.LibraryUpdateResult](docs/LibraryUpdateResult.md)
 - [Model.LicenseInfo](docs/LicenseInfo.md)
 - [Model.LoginStatus](docs/LoginStatus.md)
 - [Model.MapContent](docs/MapContent.md)
 - [Model.Message](docs/Message.md)
 - [Model.MessageContent](docs/MessageContent.md)
 - [Model.MessageFilter](docs/MessageFilter.md)
 - [Model.MessageImportResult](docs/MessageImportResult.md)
 - [Model.MetaData](docs/MetaData.md)
 - [Model.MetaDataColumn](docs/MetaDataColumn.md)
 - [Model.MetaDataSearch](docs/MetaDataSearch.md)
 - [Model.MetaDataSearchElement](docs/MetaDataSearchElement.md)
 - [Model.Parameter](docs/Parameter.md)
 - [Model.PasswordRequirements](docs/PasswordRequirements.md)
 - [Model.PluginClass](docs/PluginClass.md)
 - [Model.PluginMetaData](docs/PluginMetaData.md)
 - [Model.PollConnectorProperties](docs/PollConnectorProperties.md)
 - [Model.PollConnectorPropertiesAdvanced](docs/PollConnectorPropertiesAdvanced.md)
 - [Model.PortInformation](docs/PortInformation.md)
 - [Model.RawMessage](docs/RawMessage.md)
 - [Model.ResourceProperties](docs/ResourceProperties.md)
 - [Model.ResourcePropertiesList](docs/ResourcePropertiesList.md)
 - [Model.ResponseGenerationProperties](docs/ResponseGenerationProperties.md)
 - [Model.ResponseValidationProperties](docs/ResponseValidationProperties.md)
 - [Model.Rule](docs/Rule.md)
 - [Model.SchemeProperties](docs/SchemeProperties.md)
 - [Model.SerializationProperties](docs/SerializationProperties.md)
 - [Model.SerializerProperties](docs/SerializerProperties.md)
 - [Model.ServerConfiguration](docs/ServerConfiguration.md)
 - [Model.ServerEvent](docs/ServerEvent.md)
 - [Model.ServerLogItem](docs/ServerLogItem.md)
 - [Model.ServerSettings](docs/ServerSettings.md)
 - [Model.SmtpDispatcherProperties](docs/SmtpDispatcherProperties.md)
 - [Model.SourceConnectorProperties](docs/SourceConnectorProperties.md)
 - [Model.Step](docs/Step.md)
 - [Model.SystemInfo](docs/SystemInfo.md)
 - [Model.SystemStats](docs/SystemStats.md)
 - [Model.Table](docs/Table.md)
 - [Model.TcpDispatcherProperties](docs/TcpDispatcherProperties.md)
 - [Model.Transformer](docs/Transformer.md)
 - [Model.TransmissionModeProperties](docs/TransmissionModeProperties.md)
 - [Model.UpdateSettings](docs/UpdateSettings.md)
 - [Model.User](docs/User.md)
 - [Model.WebServiceDispatcherProperties](docs/WebServiceDispatcherProperties.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

<a name="cookieAuth"></a>
### cookieAuth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: JSESSIONID
- **Location**: 

